This is a stable version of Fluxbox.

Fluxbox is a fork of the original Blackbox 0.61.1 sourcecode with
different goals.

Read NEWS to see whats new in this release.

For copyright information see COPYING

For more information and extensive documentation go to:
  http://fluxbox.org/version-0.9.php


Compile and Install:

  $ ./configure
  $ make
  and then as root
  # make install

Configuration options:

For KDE slitsupport (default, does not require any kde libraries):
( Allows kde tray icons to be placed in systray inside the toolbar )
    ./configure --enable-kde

  For Gnome support ( default, does not require any gnome libraries ):
    ./configure --enable-gnome

  Use ./configure --help to see the full list of options

For former blackbox users:

 - You can use your old blackbox configuration file too. Just copy
   .blackboxrc to ~/.fluxbox/init . The same goes for menu file.

 - You can also use the Blackbox themes in Fluxbox. Fluxbox has a few
   extra styleoption for the tabs but they don't have to be specified.

 - The keys file is no longer compatible with bbkeys. There's a
   convertkeys script at http://fluxbox.sourceforge.net/ that will
   convert the bbkeys format to the fluxbox format.


A few extra notes about the new features:

 - To disable tabs and/or iconbar just change it in configure menu.

 - To work with tabs, use the third mouse button to drag a tab to
   another tab.  This will group the two windows together.

 - With 'Sloppy Window Grouping' turned on (in your configure menu),
   you can drop the tabs anywhere on the target window to group
   windows together.

 - The 'Maximize over Slit' option means that maximized windows will not
   stop at the outside border of the slit, and will instead cover it.

 - In the init file, the session.screen0.rootCommand: option will
   override the rootCommand option in a theme, keeping your background
   the same, no matter what the theme says it should be.


Thanks:

  Blackbox team

  People at #fluxbox on the irc.freenode.net irc-network.

  skypher of openprojects for bugtesting and providing fluxbox with
    themes: Clean CleanColor Makro, Carbondioxide and MerleyKay.


  And all the people who sent bugfixes/patches and helped us making
  Fluxbox a better application.


